---
title: 1.26.0
---

## Release date

TODO

## Features

TODO

## Fixes

TODO

## Migration notes

### SCIM role migration

These migration steps are only relevant if the PactFlow SCIM API is in use.

1. Identify the System Account that is being used to access the SCIM API.
  * Login to PactFlow as an Administrator.
  * Click the Settings icon in the top right.
  * Click the `Users` link in the left menu.
  * Select `System Accounts` in the drop down box above the User list.
  * Identify the relevant System Account and note the name.
2. Ensure that no role called `SCIM` exists.
  * From the PactFlow Settings page, click the `Roles` link.
  * If a role called `SCIM` exists, click the `EDIT` button, change the name (eg. `SCIM (Deprecated)`), and click `SAVE`
3. Perform the release as normal.
4. Assign the new SCIM role to the System Account identified in step 1.
  * Login to PactFlow as an Administrator.
  * Click the Settings icon in the top right.
  * Click the `Users` link in the left menu.
  * Select `System Accounts` in the drop down box above the User list.
  * Locate the relevant System Account in the list.
  * Click the `...` icon at the right of the row for the relevant System Account.
  * Select `Edit roles`.
  * Deselect the existing role.
  * Select `SCIM`.
  * Click `OK`
5. If there was a custom role previously used for the SCIM System Account, delete it.
  * From the PactFlow Settings page, click the `Roles` link.
  * Click the `DELETE` button next to the custom role.
