---
title: 2.0.0
---

## Release date

27 June 2025

## Introduction

This major release introduces significant architectural changes and new features, including:

1. A redesigned user interface.
2. Migration to an Ubuntu Linux base image.
3. Updated architecture using `HAProxy` for traffic routing and `supervisord` for process management.
4. New caching and session management layers requiring a Redis Serialization Protocol (RESP)-compatible key/value storage engine.
5. Many additional features, fixes, and improvements.

For full details, including installation instructions, refer to the [2.x.x documentation](/docs/on-premises-2x).

## Features

- **Major UI update**  
  - Learn more about PactFlow's redesigned interface and improved navigation in the [UI migration guide](/docs/user-interface/migration/new).

- **Bi-Directional Contract Testing**  
  - A new [comparison engine](https://github.com/pactflow/openapi-pact-comparator/) delivers up to 100× faster performance than the [previous engine](https://github.com/pactflow/swagger-mock-validator/).
  - Support added for [configurable behavior](/docs/bi-directional-contract-testing/contracts/oas/configuration.md).

- **Stub server updates**  
  - Now supports the Pact specification up to version 4.
  - Includes additional [configuration options](/docs/stubs).

## Migration notes

Please review the following updates when migrating to version 2.0.0:

1. A [Redis-compatible data store](/docs/on-premises-2x/redis) is now required
   1. Ensure you set the [`REDIS_URL`](/docs/on-premises-2x/environment-variables#redis_url) environment variable.
2. `PACTFLOW_COOKIE_SECRET` must now be at least 64 characters. [More info](/docs/on-premises-2x/environment-variables#pactflow_cookie_secret).
3. The `PACTFLOW_LOG_FORMAT` environment variable is deprecated and has no effect. All logs are now output in JSON only.
4. The base image has changed from Alpine Linux to Ubuntu 24.04. If you have customized the image, review your setup and update any installed tools or libraries accordingly.

> **Note:** There are no breaking API or database changes in this release. All existing API calls, SDKs, and CLI integrations will continue to work as expected.