---
title: 2.3.0
---

## Release date

October 21, 2025

## Features

### User Interface enhanced.
- We improved the dialog text in delete modals when you remove pacts and integrations.
- The current user is now highlighted in the user list for easier identification.
- Improved query parameter formatting on the contract details page now displays values exactly as they are sent over the network.
- Now you can download contracts as attachments directly from the contract details page.

### Roles and seat types updated.
- To align with our cloud offering, we have updated the following role and permission settings:
  - We renamed the **Viewer** role to **Read-Only**, without making any changes to permissions.
  - We renamed the **Guest** role to **Viewer** and added the following read-only permissions:
    - `user:read:*`
    - `team:read:*`
- We introduced a new No Access role with no permissions.

### New onboarding tutorial.
- We added an in-app tutorial to help new users learn the basics of contract testing and complete their first verified contract.

### Bi-Directional Contract Testing (BDCT) improved.
- We added support for [patterned fields](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.1.0#patterned-fields-0), such as `4XX` or `5XX` status codes, in BDCT workflows.
- Now we support nested `discriminator.mapping` to improve schema compatibility in BDCT workflows.

## Fixes

### General fixes
- We fixed an issue where the UI prevented some users with the correct permissions from deleting secrets.
- We fixed an issue in Bi-Directional Contract Testing (BDCT) to display compatibility check results when a method or path is missing in an OpenAPI document.
- We fixed an issue where SAML logins redirected over HTTP instead of HTTPS. The correct protocol is now maintained throughout the SAML workflow.
- We fixed an issue that prevented `allOf` schemas from being interpreted correctly.
- We fixed an issue that prevented testing webhooks without a team.
- We fixed an issue where some users were unable to filter applications in the Teams or Favorites views.