---
title: 1.11.0
---

## Release date

5 July 2021

## Features

- Allow a banner to be configured and displayed post-login.
- Support [user preferences](/docs/user-interface/settings/preferences#personal-preferences).
- Support [system preferences](/docs/user-interface/settings/preferences#system-preferences).
- Support [PACTFLOW_DATABASE_PORT](/docs/on-premises-2x/environment-variables#pactflow_database_port) environment variable.
- Allow API token expiry to be configured.
- Show warning in UI when API token is due to expire.
- Support database field level encryption of API tokens.
- Support [ignoring specified applications](https://docs.pact.io/pact_broker/client_cli/readme#can-i-deploy) when using can-i-deploy.
- Allow [secrets](/docs/user-interface/settings/secrets) and [webhooks](/docs/user-interface/settings/webhooks) to be assigned to, and managed by, a specific team.
- Improve [pending pacts and WIP pacts](https://github.com/pact-foundation/pact_broker/pull/432) logic.
- Add [pactbroker.azureDevOpsVerificationStatus webhook parameter](/docs/user-interface/settings/webhooks#pactflow).
- Validate that well formed JSON or YAML is used when publishing Base64 encoded provider contracts.
- Disallow the deletion of predefined roles.
- Add endpoint to [reset role/permissions assignments](/docs/permissions/predefined-roles#resetting-permissions-for-predefined-roles) for predefined roles.
- Deprecate `system:preference:read` permission. All logged in users may now read the system preferences.
- Allow team administrators to be assigned to teams. Team administrators can add and remove users and applications from teams.
- Add [`system_account:manage:team`](/docs/permissions#system_accountmanageteam) permission to allow team users to view/regenerate the API tokens for system account users that are assigned to their team.
- Update default permissions assigned to predefined roles to use [team scoped permissions](/docs/permissions/predefined-roles#user) where ever applicable.
- Renamed "Test Maintainer" role to ["User"](/docs/permissions/predefined-roles#user) for new installations.

## Fixes

- Ensure the SAML provider base URL is derived correctly when the login endpoint is specified in the metadata, not an environment variable
- Correctly record which SAML provider was used to log in when multiple SAML providers are configured
- Ensure api token values are not show in debug logging

## Migration notes

- If not already set, the `PACTFLOW_BASE_URL` should be set to mitigate cache poisoning vulnerabilities.
- The `PACTFLOW_MASTER_SECRETS_ENCRYPTION_KEY` environment variable has been renamed to `PACTFLOW_MASTER_ENCRYPTION_KEY`. The old name will continue to work, but please update your configuration to avoid warnings. Do not change the value of this key.
- Steps to enable API token database field level encryption:

  - Please read the relevant documentation for each of the following environment variables, and update your configuration with the appropriate values.
    - [`PACTFLOW_MASTER_ENCRYPTION_KEY`](/docs/on-premises-2x/environment-variables#pactflow_master_encryption_key) - renamed from `PACTFLOW_MASTER_SECRETS_ENCRYPTION_KEY`. Do not change the value of this key.
    - [`PACTFLOW_API_TOKEN_ENCRYPTION_ENABLED`](/docs/on-premises-2x/environment-variables#pactflow_api_token_encryption_enabled) - must be set to "true"
    - [`PACTFLOW_API_TOKEN_IV`](/docs/on-premises-2x/environment-variables#pactflow_api_token_iv) - a random value must be assigned as per the documentation.
  - Restart the PactFlow application. The API tokens will be encrypted during start up once the `PACTFLOW_API_TOKEN_ENCRYPTION_ENABLED` environment variable has been set to true.
  - Verify that the API tokens have been encrypted by running the SQL:

    ```sql
    SELECT COUNT(*) FROM saas_api_tokens;
    SELECT COUNT(*) FROM saas_api_tokens WHERE encrypted_value IS NOT NULL;
    ```

    Both counts should be the same.

  - Verify that users still have access to the API using their existing tokens executing the following curl command, or making the same request with Postman or equivalent:

    ```bash
    curl -v https://{YOUR_PACTFLOW_DOMAIN} \
      -H "Authorization: Bearer {EXISTING_TOKEN_VALUE}"
    ```

    The response should be a 200 OK with a JSON body.

  - Once it has been confirmed that the now-encrypted API tokens are working correctly, please clear the unencrypted values from the database using the following SQL:

    ```sql
    UPDATE saas_api_tokens SET value = NULL;
    ```

  - Once API token encryption has been enabled and the unencrypted values removed, encryption cannot be disabled again.
